From: "MR. JAMES NGOLA." <james_ngola2002@maktoob.com>
To: webmaster@aclweb.org
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 02:38:20 +0000


URGENT BUSINESS ASSISTANCE AND PARTNERSHIP.


DEAR FRIEND,

I AM ( DR.) JAMES NGOLA, THE PERSONAL ASSISTANCE TO THE LATE CONGOLESE (PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA) WHO WAS ASSASSINATED BY HIS BODY GUARD ON 16TH JAN. 2001.


THE INCIDENT OCCURRED IN OUR PRESENCE WHILE WE WERE HOLDING MEETING WITH HIS EXCELLENCY OVER THE FINANCIAL RETURNS FROM THE DIAMOND SALES IN THE AREAS CONTROLLED BY (D.R.C.) DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO FORCES AND THEIR FOREIGN ALLIES ANGOLA AND ZIMBABWE, HAVING RECEIVED THE PREVIOUS DAY (USD$100M) ONE HUNDRED MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS, CASH IN THREE DIPLOMATIC BOXES ROUTED THROUGH ZIMBABWE.

MY PURPOSE OF WRITING YOU THIS LETTER IS TO SOLICIT FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE AS TO BE A COVER TO THE FUND AND ALSO COLLABORATION IN MOVING THE SAID FUND INTO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT THE SUM OF (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY, WHICH I DEPOSITED WITH A SECURITY COMPANY IN GHANA, IN A DIPLOMATIC BOX AS GOLDS WORTH (USD$25M) TWENTY FIVE MILLION UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY FOR SAFE KEEPING IN A SECURITY VAULT FOR ANY FURTHER INVESTMENT PERHAPS IN YOUR COUNTRY. 

YOU WERE INTRODUCED TO ME BY A RELIABLE FRIEND OF MINE WHO IS A TRAVELLER,AND ALSO A MEMBER OF CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AS A RELIABLE AND TRUSTWORTHY PERSON WHOM I CAN RELY ON AS FOREIGN PARTNER, EVEN THOUGH THE NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION WAS NOT REVEALED TO HIM FOR SECURITY REASONS.


THE (USD$25M) WAS PART OF A PROCEEDS FROM DIAMOND TRADE MEANT FOR THE LATE PRESIDENT LAURENT KABILA WHICH WAS DELIVERED THROUGH ZIMBABWE IN DIPLOMATIC BOXES. THE BOXES WERE KEPT UNDER MY CUSTODY BEFORE THE SAD EVENT THAT TOOK THE LIFE OF (MR. PRESIDENT).THE CONFUSION THAT ENSUED AFTER THE ASSASSINATION AND THE SPORADIC SHOOTING AMONG THE FACTIONS, I HAVE TO RUN AWAY FROM THE COUNTRY FOR MY DEAR LIFE AS I AM NOT A SOLDIER BUT A CIVIL SERVANT I CROSSED RIVER CONGO TO OTHER SIDE OF CONGO LIBREVILLE FROM THERE I MOVED TO THE THIRD COUNTRY GHANA WHERE I AM PRESENTLY TAKING REFUGE. 

AS A MATTER OF FACT, WHAT I URGENTLY NEEDED FROM YOU IS YOUR ASSISTANCE IN MOVING THIS MONEY INTO YOUR ACCOUNT IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR INVESTMENT WITHOUT RAISING EYEBROW. FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE I WILL GIVE YOU 20% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS YOUR OWN SHARE WHEN THE MONEY GETS TO YOUR ACCOUNT, WHILE 75% WILL BE FOR ME, OF WHICH WITH YOUR KIND ADVICE I HOPE TO INVEST IN PROFITABLE VENTURE IN YOUR COUNTRY IN OTHER TO SETTLE DOWN FOR MEANINGFUL LIFE, AS I AM TIRED OF LIVING IN A WAR ENVIRONMENT. 

THE REMAINING 5% WILL BE USED TO OFFSET ANY COST INCURRED IN THE CAUSE OF MOVING THE MONEY TO YOUR ACCOUNT. IF THE PROPOSAL IS ACCEPTABLE TO YOU PLEASE CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY THROUGH THE ABOVE TELEPHONE AND E-MAIL, TO ENABLE ME ARRANGE FACE TO FACE MEETING WITH YOU IN GHANA FOR THE CLEARANCE OF THE FUNDS BEFORE TRANSFRING IT TO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AS SEEING IS BELIEVING. 

FINALLY, IT IS IMPORTANT ALSO THAT I LET YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO RISK INVOLVED WHATSOEVER AS THE MONEY HAD NO RECORD IN KINSHASA FOR IT WAS MEANT FOR THE PERSONAL USE OF (MR. PRESIDEND ) BEFORE THE NEFARIOUS INCIDENT OCCURRED, AND ALSO I HAVE ALL THE NECESSARY DOCUMENTS AS REGARDS TO THE FUNDS INCLUDING THE (CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT), AS I AM THE DEPOSITOR OF THE CONSIGNMENT.


LOOKING FORWARD TO YOUR URGENT RESPONSE.

YOUR SINCERELY,

MR. JAMES NGOLA. 
















From: "Mr. Ben Suleman" <bensul2004nng@spinfinder.com>
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 05:10:00
To: R@M
Subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE /RELATIONSHIP (P)

Dear Friend,

I am Mr. Ben Suleman a custom officer and work as Assistant controller of the Customs and Excise department Of the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs stationed at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos-Nigeria.

After the sudden death of the former Head of state of Nigeria General Sanni Abacha on June 8th 1998 his aides and immediate members of his family were arrested while trying to escape from Nigeria in a Chartered jet to Saudi Arabia with 6 trunk boxes Marked "Diplomatic Baggage". Acting on a tip-off as they attempted to board the Air Craft,my officials carried out a thorough search on the air craft and discovered that the 6 trunk boxes contained foreign currencies amounting to US$197,570,000.00(One Hundred and  Ninety-Seven Million Five Hundred Seventy Thousand United States Dollars).

I declared only (5) five boxes to the government and withheld one (1) in my custody containing the sum of (US$30,000,000.00) Thirty Million United States Dollars Only, which has been disguised to prevent their being discovered during transportation process.Due to several media reports on the late head of state about all the money him and his co-government officials stole from our government treasury amounting
to US$55 Billion Dollars (ref:ngrguardiannews.com) of July 2nd 1999. Even the London times of July 1998 reported that General Abacha has over US$3.Billion dollars in one account overseas. We decided to conceal this one (1)box till the situation is calm and quite on the issue. The box was thus deposited with a security company here in Nigeria and tagged as "Precious Stones and Jewellry" in other that its
content will not be discovered. Now that all is calm, we (myself and two of my colleagues in the operations team) are now ready to move this box out of the country through a diplomatic arrangement which is the safest means. 

However as government officials the Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us by law to operate any foreign account or own foreign investment and the amount of money that can be found in our account
cannot be more than our salary on the average, thus our handicapp and our need for your assistance to help collect and keep safely in your account this money.

Therefore we want you to assist us in moving this money out of Nigeria. We shall definitely compensate you handsomely for the assistance. We can do this by instructing the Security Company here in Nigeria to
move the consignment to their affiliate branch office outside Nigeria through diplomatic means and the consignment will be termed as Precious Stones and Jewelleries" which you bought during your visit to Nigeria and is being transfered to your country from here for safe keeping. Then we can arrange to meet at the destination country to take the delivery of the consignment. You will thereafter open an account there and lodge the Money there and gradually instruct remittance to your Country. 

This business is 100% risk free for you so please treat this matter with utmost confidentiality .If you indicate your interest to assist us please just e-mail me for more Explanation on how we plan to execute the transaction.

Expecting your response urgently.

Best regards,

Mr. Ben Suleman

















From: MR TEMI JOHNSON <temijohnson2@rediffmail.com>
To: R@E
Cc: 
Subject: IMPORTANT
Sender: MR TEMI JOHNSON <temijohnson2@rediffmail.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Date: Tue, 6 Nov 2001 16:52:34 -0000
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Version 5.1
Status: RO

FROM: MR TEMI JOHNSON
DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO.
TEL:44 7775770781
EMAIL:temijohnson@rediffmail.com 
Dear Sir,
 
SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE.
Please Permit me to make your acquaintance in so
informal a manner. This is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust wordy foreign
partner. This request may seem strange and
unsolicited but I will crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously. My name is MR TEMI JOHNSON of the Democratic Republic of Congo and One of the close aides to the former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed
memory, may his soul rest in peace.
 
Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to
force out the rebels in my country, I and some of my
colleagues were instructed by Late President Kabila
to  go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of
Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only (US$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel group. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his aide a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We immediately  decided to divert the fund into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping. The security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) a tribesman, and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila. 
In view of this, we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary.
WE have sufficient ''CONTACTS'' to move the fund under Diplomatic Cover to a security company in the europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Diplomatic Baggage is marked ''CONFIDENTIAL'' and it  will not pass through normal custom/airport screening and clearance.
Our inability to move this money out of Congo all
This while lies on our lack of trust on our supposed good friends (western countries) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, immediately after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the information We gathered from an associate
who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance, this transaction will be properly handled with modesty
and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality.
Thus, if you are willing to assist us move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email address above with your telephone, fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share
(percentage) for assisting us.
I must use this opportunity and medium to implore You to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this Matter extraordinarily confidential, Whatever your Decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and GodBless.
 
 Best Regards
MR TEMI JOHNSON














From: "PRINCE OBONG ELEME" <obong_715@epatra.com>
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2002 22:44:20
To: webmaster@aclweb.org
Subject: GOOD DAY TO YOU

FROM HIS ROYAL MAJESTY (HRM) CROWN RULER OF ELEME KINGDOM 
CHIEF DANIEL ELEME, PHD, EZE 1 OF ELEME.

ATTENTION:PRESIDENT,CEO Sir/ Madam. 

This letter might surprise you because we have met
neither in person nor by correspondence. But I believe
it is one day that you got to know somebody either in
physical or through correspondence. 

I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the
chambers of commerce and industry of your country on
the net, you and your organization were revealed as
being quite astute in private entrepreneurship, one
has no doubt in your ability to handle a financialbusiness transaction. 

However, I am the first son of His Royal
majesty,Obong.D. Eleme , and the traditional Ruler of
Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River
State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in
respect of US$60,000,000.00 (Sixty Million United
State Dollars), which I inherited, from my latefather. 

This money was accumulated from royalties paid to my
father as compensation by the oil firms located in our
area as a result of oil presence on our land, which
hamper agriculture, which is our major source oflivelihood. 

Unfortunately my father died from protracted
diabetes.But before his death he called my attention
and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two
boxes with a security firm with an open beneficiary
status. The lodgment security code number was also
revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a
reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me
in investing the money in a lucrative business as a
result of economic instability in Nigeria. So this is
the main reason why I am contacting you for us to move
this money from the security firm to any Country of
your choice for investment purpose. 

So I will like you to be the ultimate beneficiary, so
that the funds can be moved in your name and
particulars to any Country of your choice where it
will be claimed and invested. Hence my father have had
intimated the security firm personnel that the
beneficiary of the box is his foreign partner whose
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when due. 

But I will guide you Accordingly. As soon as the funds
reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so
that we can discuss physically on investment
potentials. Based on this assistance my Family and I
have unanimously decided to give you 30% of the total
money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which
may arise during this transaction, Fax and phone bills
inclusive. The balance of 55% you will invest andmanaged for my Family. 

I hereby guarantee you that this is not government
money, it is not drug money and it is not money from
arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of
confidentiality on this matter. I will give more
details about the proceedings of this transaction as
soon as I receive your favorable reply. 

Please reply to my Email Address:obong_715@epatra.com
I hope this will be the beginning of a prosperous
relationship between my family and your family. 

Nevertheless if you are for any reason not interested,
kindly inform me immediately so that I will look foranother contact. 

I am waiting for your quick response. 

Yours faithfully, 

Prince Obong Eleme









From: "DR.  SANNI  SABO" <davidmensoh@mail.com>
To: webmaster@aclweb.org
Date: Fri, 1 Jan 1999 22:08:55 +0100
Subject: URGENT

Attn=3A The President=2C 

Dear Sir=2C 

My mail may come to you as a surprise=2C but sincerely this is a 
proposal for a business deal that will benefit both of us=2E I am 
contacting you after a frantic search for a person who will be 
trustworthy and capable of handling a business of this dimension=2E 

My name is Mr=2E Jonathan Mokoena=2C the Under-Secretary in charge of 
Intergration at the Specialized Technical Committee of the African 
Union =28AU=29=2C formerly Organization of Afriacn Unity =28OAU=29=2E You may be 
aware of the transformation of the OAU to AU=2C and the mandate to 
build a new united Africa modelled on the pattern of European Union 
=28EU=29=2E For this therefore=2C the various African leaders recently 
inaugurated the New Patnership for African Development =28NEPAD=29=2E NEPAD 
is to streamline Africa towards achieving a common market=2C defence 
force=2C currency=2C foreign policy=2C judiciary etc=2E For the above=2C the 
various African countries have made whosoever contributions in 
hundreds of million dollars=2E We have equally received grants=2Faids 
from the EU=2C USA and other international governments and agencies=2E 
These moneies in all have ran into millions of dollars=2E 


As the officer in charge of receiving and managing these funds and 
executing the projects for which they are ment for=2C I have received 
all the money expected=2E I have also prepared my account which I have 
submitted to the AU High Command=2C and it has been approved by the AU 
Secratary-General=2C Dr=2E Amara Essy=2E However=2C in some of the money 
received=2C some of the donor countries and international bodies 
remitted to us amounts in excess of what they pledged=2E The AU before 
now=2C has written to all of them to acknowledge the receipt of the 
monies from them=2E The money in excess and which I have kept out with 
only me having knowledge of it=2C is in the tune of Thirty-Five Million United States Dollars =28US$35=2C000=2C000=2E00=29=2E As it is now=2C this money belongs to me=2C as neither the AU nor any of the donor countries=2Finternational agencies has declared their money missing=2E 


I am therefore contacting you to assist me with the movement and 
safe-keeping of this fund=2E As a public officer in my category=2C I 
cannot openly put this money into any bank here in Addis Ababa=2C 
Ethiopia=2C the AU headquarters where I am now=2C or in any other part of 
Africa=2C as an account holder=2E This will surely raise eyebrows and 
expose me=2E I have therefore concealed this amount of US$35M in four 
metal trunk boxes=2C and declared them as artefacts belonging to a 
foreigner=2E I deposited the boxes with a Security Company based in 
Spain which has an affliate offices in Ghana=2C Cot d'Ivoire and South Africa=2E These cities are safe havens for this kind of transaction=2E 

This transaction will however be hitch-free=2E So=2C I would therefore 
want you to be in Banjul=2C The Gambia for the clearing and claiming of 
this fund=2E I will furnish you with information=2Fdocuments on how 

you will stand as the beneficiary of the boxes=2E I have decided to 
give to you 40% of the total amount involved=2E 

Please I will want you to contact me on this e-mail address or the 
alternative=3A =28joe=5Fmokoena=40fastermail=2Ecom=29=2E 


Also=2C you have to assure me of the secrecy and confidentiality in 
this transaction=2E 

Thanks in anticipation of your valued co-operation=2E 

Mr=2E Jonathan Mokoena=2E 
joe=5Fmokoena=40fastermail=2Ecom














From: "Dr.Sam jordan" <sjordan@diplomats.com>
Date: Fri, 08 Nov 2002 04:15:33
To: R@M
Subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE.
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: O

FROM THE DESK OF DR.SAM JORDAN
THE MANAGER
Headquarter,
First Bank of Nigeria Plc.
Lagos, Nigeria.
Alternative E-mail: sam01jordan@yahoo.com
Sir,

Compliment of the day and how is life general with
you? Of course it is my humble wish to solicit and
crave your indulgence to make this project request for
a joint business transaction which I hope will not
come to you as a surprise, hence I plead for
your pardon.

I am Dr.Sam Jordan, the  Manager of headquarter
First Bank of Nigeria Plc. Lagos. I have an urgent and
confidentialbusiness proposal for you. 

On June 6, 1998, an Italian oil
consultant/contractor with via National Petroleum
cooperation (NNPC) Mr. Paul Bush made a numbered time
(fixed) deposit for twelve calenderer month valued at
US$43.7,000.00 in my branch.

On maturity, I sent a routine notification to his
forwarded address but got no reply after months we
send a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employee (Nigeria national petroleum
Corporation) that Mr. Paul Bush died from an
automobile accident. On further investigation, it was
clear  that he died without making a will. All
attempts by the Australian to trace his next of
kin were fruitless.

I therefore made further investigation and discovered
that Mr. Paul Bush did not declare any next of kin or
relations in all his official documents including his
deposit document in my bank. The total sum
US$43.7,000,000.00 is still in my bank as dormant
acct.
No one will ever come forward to claim it. According
to Nigerian banking law, after five years, the money
will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian
Government. If the account owner is certified death
and nobody comes forward to claim it.

This is the situation , and my proposal is that I am
looking for a foreigner who will stand in as the
beneficiary/next of kin. This is simple. All you have
to do is to immediately send me the details of a bank
account anywhere in the world for me to arrange the
proper money transfer document. The money will then be
transferred into the account for us to share in the
ration of 60% for me 30% for you while the remaining
10% will be set aside for expenses incurred with
here and there.

There is no risk involved. I am using my position and
connection in the bank here to do all the document
work for the transaction. We shall employ the services
of an attorney to draft the will and obtain all
necessary documents and letter of administration in
your fovour for the transfer. This transaction is risk
free guaranteed. If you are interested, please reply
immediately confidentiality and be rest assured that
this transaction could be most profitable for both of
us. Please do not expose this deal if you are not
interested because if you do, it will take me out
of seat.Please expenses is involve in this
business,phone/fax number,and your bank particulars.

I am awaiting your urgent reply.

Best regards,

Dr.Sam Jordan.










From: "NOSA" <ni452003@yahoo.com>
To: <R@M>
Subject: STRICTLY  URGENT AND CONFIDENTIAL
Date: Thu, 13 Mar 2003 13:21:00 +0900

REPLY TO:  nosainvest@rediffmail.com
FROM:      MR NOSA
COUNTRY:   (BENIN REPUBLIC)

Please, kindly call me MR NOSA for now, though this is 
not my complete name. I will give you my full name later.
I am in a hide out now in BENIN REPUBLIC, a Country in 
West African. I have Large sum of money for INVESTMENT.
The money is in Millions of U.S. dollars. I cannot move 
about freely now for reasons i will explain to you later. 
I need Your help urgently for both SAFE KEEPING and 
INVESTING this money in your country. You are one of the 
three email contacts given to me by a Cyber Cafe' operator 
on my request for a foreign contact. She did not tell me 
your name or country of origin. Though I did not tell
her why I needed the contact of any foreigner.

Because of the urgent and confidential nature of this
business, you are advised to keep everything secret for 
now. if you are interested in doing this business with me, 
kindly reply immediately on my email Address. After that, 
i will send you all the verifiable details about the 
business, my family, my name and telephone number.
You may if you so wish call on my satellite phone: 
+88216-52002447

Thanks while waiting for your immediate reply.

MR NOSA(For the Family).











Date:  Tue Oct 28 16:43:52 2003
From: susan shubangu <susanshubangu@123.com>
Subject: KINDLY ASSIST
To: webmaster@aclweb.org


Dear Friend,
 
After deliberation with my children, I decided to contact you for your assistance  in standing as a beneficiary to the sum of US$15.5M(Fifteen Million,Five  hundred Thousand United States Dollars ).
 
Firstly, let me start by introducing myself as MRS SUSAN SHABANGU, a mother  of three children and the former Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy under the auspices of the President of South Africa MR THABO MBEKI. You can view my profile at my website www.gov.za/profiles/shabangu.htm
 
THE PROPOSAL After the swearing in ceremony making me the Deputy Minister of Minerals and Energy, my husband Mr Ndelebe Shabangu died while he was  on an official trip to Trinidad and Tobago . After his death, I discovered that he had some funds in dollar, US$15.5 million United States Dollars currently in a coded security company vault in Europe which I now intend to use to establish a profitable business for my children to
enable my children and I start life again.As a result, I am urgently in need of a very reliable investor participant who is not known as my associate,that I could entrust with the pin and certificate of deposit to help me remove the box including Gold and Diamond Platinium since no one name were used in securing the vault. I can not successfully claim it myself as the government searchlight is still on me.Though, I do not know you in person but I still maintain my late husbands theory that business is people and contacts. hence I crave your assistance,you will also Bank and assist me in investing this money with my lawyers approval on project.
 
Finally,more details on the logistics and modalities of the trasaction will  be given to you as soon as I receive your acceptance letter. Do not forget the confidenciality sorounding this transaction, while awaiting for your letter I am calling on the Almighty God to be with all of us . This fund emanated as a result of an over-invoiced contract which he executed with the Government of South Africa. Though I assisted him in getting
this contract but I never knew that it was over-invoiced by him. I am afraid  that the government of South Africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1990 to date. If they discover that he has this kind of money,  they will confiscate it and seize his assets here in South Africa and this  will definetely affect my status. The money is contained in a strong steel security box in cash and it is presenting deposited with a security firm in Armsterdam- Holland where it is registered as family treasures and valuables for security reasons.In side the box are all documentation for funds.
 
WHAT I WANT YOU TO DO FOR ME .
1.You are to come to Armsterdam ,open a non-resident account in one of the commercial banks where funds will be deposited before finally being transferred to your nominated account overseas(as may be mutually agreed).
2.I have made arrangements to give the transaction the legal cover as overseas  investment.
3. Security storage and demurrage charges have accumulated considerably since my husband death. I am making arrangement to raise money to settle this.It is imoportant that you and my Attoney are together throughout the transaction in Armsterdam, Holland.
4.I would appreciate at the end of the day ,if part of the money is invested  in developing countries like South Africa.
 5.We will need to sign a legally   binding agreement relating our benefits and commitments in this transaction  For your assistance, I am offering you 20% of this fund,Please honesty is the watch word in this transaction .However, you have to assure me and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund. If you agree to my terms,kindly as a matter of urgency, send me an   email. Due to my sensitive position in the South African Government, I would not want you to call me on phone or send a fax to me. All correspondence must be by email to my private email address, If you want to speak with my Attorney, that is fine and okay by me. His chambers will be representing my interest. All correspondence must be made either to my Attornery,or send me an email. I will also like you to give me your contact address of telephone, fax and email to enable my Attorney call or reach you from time to time.
  
Please I do not need to remind you of the need for absolute Confidentiality if this transaction must succeed. 
YOU MUST NOT CALL ME! If you do not feel comfortable with this transaction, do not hesitate to
discontinue. Thanks for your anticipated co-operation and my regards to your family.

Yours Faithfully,

Mrs. Susan  Shabangu
(Former Deputy Minister of 
Minerals and Energy ,South Africa)
 









Date: Mon, 1 Mar 2004 07:40:15 -0500 (EST)
Subject: ASKING FOR ASSISTANCE
To: williamsghazi2002@yahoo.co.in



FROM Williams Ghazi,
JOHANNESBURG,SOUTH AFRICA.
TELL:+27-732112866.

Dear sir,

I am MR, Williams Ghazi, the son of late
MR.PATRICK Ghazi, who was murdered in a land dispute
in ZIMBABWE.I got your contact during my search for
reliable&compitent foreigner to handle a confidential
financial transaction, then I decided to write you. My
late father was among the few black Zimbabwean rich
farmers murdered in cold blood by the agent of the
ruling government of President ROBERT MUGABE for his
alleged support and sympathy for Zimbabwean opposition
party. Before the death of my father, he took me to South
Africa to deposit the sum of Twelve million US Dollars
($12m) with a security and finance company, as if he
knew the looming danger in Zimbabwe. The money was
deposited as a gem/precious stone to avoid much
dumourage from the security firm.
This money was earmarked for the purchase of new
machinery and chemicals for the farms and the
establishment of new farms in Lesotho and Swaziland.
This land problem arose when President R. MUGABE
introduced a new land Act. which wholly affects the
White rich farmers and some few blacks vehemently
condemned the 'MODUS OPERANDI' adopted by the
government. This resulted to rampant killing and mob
actions. I and my family who are currently staying in South
Africa as refugees or asylum seekers have decided
to enter your name as foreigner/beneficiary of the
Trunck Cases containing the Cash (USD12M) for futher
transfer of the money to a foreign country where we
can invest it. I am faced with the dilemma of
claiming/investing this amount of money in South
Africa for fear of encountering the same experience in
future since both countries have the same political
history. Moreover, the South African monetary policy/law does
not allow such investment hence I am seeking for
an asylum or refugee.
I must let you know that this business is 100% risk
free and the nature of your business does not
necessary matter. So if you are willing to assist us
claim the ownership of this money,I and my family have
agreed to give you 20% of the total money, 40% will be
for a joint business venture I will be doing with you
and another 35% will be for me and my family which we
shall also invest in your country and the remaining 5%
will be mapped out for all expenses we may incure
during the transaction.
Therefor, if you are willing and interested to render
the needed assistance. Please funish me your private phone and Fax 
number 
for easy and better communication.
Remember that this is highly confidential and the
success of this business depends on how secret it is kept.

Expecting your reply soonest.
Best Regard.

Williams Ghazi.











Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2005 20:45:16 +0000
From: joyscs@jumpy.it
Subject: GOOD MORNING 
To: joyscs@jumpy.it


Dear,

It is my pleasure to contact you for a business venture which I intend to=

establish in your country, though I have not met with you before but I be=
lieve
one has to risk confiding in success sometimes in life. 



I am Miss Joy Wilson Williams, the daughter of the former minister for DE=
FENCE
and INTERIOR. There is this huge amount of US$8.5million (EIGHT MILION FI=
VE
HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) which my late father kept for us
in the security company here in senegal dakar before he was assassinated
by unknown persons.

Now I and my younger brother have decided to invest these money in your c=
ountry
or anywhere save enough outside Africa for security and political reasons=
.



We want you to help us claim and retrieved these fund from the Fiduciary
Fund Holders and Transfer it into your personal account in your country f=
or
investment purposes on profitable ventures.



If you can be of an assistance to us, we will pleased to offer you 20% of=

the total fund while we have set aside 10% of the total fund for any expe=
nses
incur by you during the process. 

I await your soonest response through our private mailbox: joysc_2222001@=
yahoo.co.uk



N.B. Upon your interest, I will forward you the

security company contact immediately and tell you what to do as this
business will argue well with

both parties.



Respectfully yours,

JOY WILLIAMS WILSON.












Date: Thu, 1 Jun 2006 00:10:33 +0900 (KST)
From: =?euc-kr?q?nathanaelsochima?= <nath_sochimapbci@yahoo.co.kr>
Subject: Confidential and urgent
To: R@M


--0-1504922531-1149088233=:72171
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=euc-kr
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

»õ·Î¿î ¸ÞÀÏ ÁÖ¼Ò¸¦ °®°Ô µÇ¾ú½À´Ï´Ù!´ÙÀ½ ÀÌ¸ÞÀÏÁÖ¼Ò·Î ¸ÞÀÏÀ» º¸³»ÁÖ¼¼¿ä:nath_sochimapbci@yahoo.co.kr

>From Desk:Mr Sochima Nathanael

Office:Audit & Acct Unit

Plot 23 Avenue Joseph Anoma.

Plateau Abidjan - Cote D' Ivoire.

Subject:(Urgent& Confidential)

(Transfer of $21,000.000.00 USD)

(TWENTY ONE MILLION DOLLARS)


Atten:President/Director


We want to transfer to overseas account $21,000. 000.00 USD)and twenty one million United States Dollars,from one of the Famous Bank here Abidjan,the capital of Cote d'Ivoire in Africa(the name of the bank withheld for security reason),I want to ask you to quietly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a/c immediately to receive this money,even an empty a/c can serve to receive this money,as long as you will remain honest to me till the end for this important business trusting in you and believing in God that you will never let me down either now or in future.I am Mr Sochima Nathanael,the auditor general of one of the Famous Bank here ABIDJAN(Capital of Cote d'Ivoire),during the course of our auditing,I discovered a floating funds in an account opened in the bank in 1999 and since 2000 nobody has operated on this account again,after going through some old files in the records I discovered that the owner of the account died without a[heir]hence the money is floating and if I do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing.The owner of this account is Mr.Allan.P.Wassersug,a foreigner,and an industrialist,and he died,since on monday 31 July, 2000,and no other person knows about this account or any thing concerning it,the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that,Allan P. Wassersug until his death was the CEO/ Director,P Wassersug shipping company[plc]cCote d'Ivore.We will start the first transfer with ten million[$10,000.000]upon successful transaction without any disappoint from your side,we shall re-apply for the payment of the remaining rest amount to your account.The amount involved is (USD21M) twenty one million United States Dollars only.I want to first transfer $10,000.000 [ten million United States Dollar] from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest but I don't know any foreigner,I am only contacting you as a foreigner because thi
s money can not be approved to a local person here,without valid international foreign passport,but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign a/c because the money is in US dollars and the former owner of the a/c Mr.Allan P.Wassersug is a foreigner too,and the money can only be approved into a foreign a/c. However,we will sign a binding agreement,to bind us together.I got your contact address from our chamber of commerce,I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business,you are the first and the only person that I am contacting for this business,so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently. Send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit.I want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your choice where the fund will be safe.Before we fly to your country for withdrawal,sharing and investments.I need your full co-operation to make this work fine,Because the arrangement is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account,which I will give to you,upon your positive response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with instruction of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business I need your strong assurance that you will never,never let me down.with my influence and the position of the bank official we can transfer this money to any foreigner's reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing.The bank official will destroy all documents of transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place and to build confidence you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which I will make this re
mittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account.I will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately I hear from you that you are ready to act and receive this fund in your account.I will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries and foreign exchange departments.At the conclusion of this business,you will be given 35% of the total amount,60% will be for me,while 5% will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during the process of transferring.I look forward to your earliest reply through my email Pls,go through this website for more verification and details about the incident,http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm 

Regards, 

Mr Sochima Nathanael, 

Audit & Acct Unit, 

NB;Pls, get in touch immediately through this following e-mail 

account(sochima37@myway.com) thanks. 

- nathanaelsochima












From: "Mr. Johnson Moyo" <john_moyo@yahoo.com>
To: R@M
Reply-To: johnmoyo102@yahoo.com
Subject: From   Mr. Johnson Moyo
Date: Tue, 30 Jan 2007 13:04:11 +0100


N0 10 Mandela Avenue  Johannesburg
South Africa 
ATTN:Sir/Madam
 
You may be surprise to receive this latter since you do not know me =
personally .I got your contact through Johannesburg chamber of commerce .I am =
Mr. Johnson Moyo the son of late Dr. Raymond Moyo who was recently murdered =
in the land dispute in Zimbabwe .my late father was among the few black =
Zimbabwean rich farmer who was murdered in cold blood by the agent of the =
ruling government of president Robert Mugabe for allegedly supporting the =
party controlled by the white minority.
 
Before the death of my father he had taken to Johannesburg, republic of South =
Africa the sum of US$10m  (Ten million united state dollars) and deposited it =
with a private security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in =
Zimbabwe. This money is contained in a trunk box and he registered it as
family treasures and valuables for adequate security reason. 
 
The fund was meant to purchase new agricultural machines and chemicals for =
farming in Lesotho and Swaziland. This land dispute sparked off when =
president Robert Mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected he =
white farmer and some few black who vehemently condemned the modus oparandi =
adopted by the government, added with their party status. This resulted to =
rampage and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs in which =
more than fifty-one (51) people were killed including my father. May his soul =
rest in perfect peace. Heads of governments from the west especially Britain =
and America have voiced their condemnation against ugabe=92s plan.
As the eldest son of my father, I am saddled with the
responsibility of seeking a genuine partner and account where this money will =
be transferred with out exposing the whole situation. I am faced with the =
dilemma of investing this money in South Africa for fear of encountering the =
same experience in future since both countries have the almost the same =
political history. Moreso, South Africa monetary laws dose not allow
refuges/asylum seeker to engage on any  business activities neither are they =
allowed to open any bank account. Therefore, I am seeking for your very good =
assistance to transfer this money out of South Africa into your overseas =
chosen account. For your effort and assistance I have made up my mind to =
offer you 30% of the total fund, 5% for any unforeseen expenses that may =
occur during the process of the transaction and
65% will be for my investments in your country under your guidance.
Please should this request meet your utmost consideration kindly contact me =
via my e-mail and telephone above. Feel free to ask any question you consider =
necessary and in return try to include your private phone and fax numbers for =
easier nication. The confidentiality of this request can not be over =
emphasized as I have believe that you will oblige us in the need for security =
and attention it demands. Please treat this transaction with absolutely =
confidentiality and urgency it deserves and even if you are not in a position =
to render any assistance please your earlier information will be highly =
appreciated.
Thanks,
Yours faithfully 
Mr. Johnson Moyo  
--e4a12926-31a1-4681-8d28-c320c5fbfc37--






































































